[Smoke Test][rocRAND] Ported over rtest.py from rocPRIM and added smoke test option (#573)
ROCmSoftwarePlatform/rocRAND: CHANGELOG.md

Documentation for rocRAND is available at
[https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/rocRAND/en/latest/](https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/rocRAND/en/latest/)

> ## (Unreleased) rocRAND-3.2.0 for ROCm 6.4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## (Unreleased) rocRAND 3.2.0 for ROCm 6.4
```

### Added
* rtest.py, a python script to run unit tests

>   * added a smoke test option. Smoke tests can now be ran with python3 rtest.py -t/--test smoke

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * added a smoke test option. To run the smoke tests, use `python3 rtest.py -t/--test smoke`.
```

Documentation for rocRAND is available at
[https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/rocRAND/en/latest/](https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/rocRAND/en/latest/)

## (Unreleased) rocRAND 3.2.0 for ROCm 6.4

> ### Added
> * Added smoke test options, which runs a subset of the unit tests and ensuring that less than 2gb of VRAM will be used
>   * Smoke tests can be ran with `[--emulation|-e|--test|-t]=smoke`
> * Added `--emulation` option added for `rtest.py`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added

* Added smoke test options, which runs a subset of the unit tests and ensures that less than 2gb of VRAM will be used
  * Smoke tests can be run using `[--emulation|-e|--test|-t]=smoke`
* Added `--emulation` option for `rtest.py`
```

> ### Changed
> * `--test|-t` no longer a required flag for `rtest.py`, instead user can use either `--emulation|-e` or `--test|-t` but not both

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Changed

* `--test|-t` is no longer a required flag for `rtest.py`. Instead, the user can use either `--emulation|-e` or `--test|-t`, but not both.
```
